("Ask Us Anything" School on a
cool day in October)
Wait, I hear strange noises.
(What's that?)
- It's like in a scary movie!
- Some bizarre alien!
(The bizarre creature appears
with loud noises)
It's still so vivid in my memory.
- What is?
- I had a dream.
We're wondering what the metallic
sound is.
Were you caught in a trap?
(Caught)
- We heard the sound!
- I broke out of it.
But this dream I had, it was so vivid.
He was caught in a trap but
he broke out of it!
(Listen to me, guys!)
I went somewhere in my dream,
and there were a lot of people there.
And they were all clapping.
I was standing still, but I was holding
a big trophy award.
It felt so real, what do you think
it means?
- Winning the grand prize!
- Must be about getting an award.
The grand prize at the end of the year!
Your dream reminds me of something
so funny on the Internet.
Someone really posted this.
Seo Jang-hoon walked into my living room,
laid out an electric blanket, and slept.
That'd be intruding.
Very much so.
The person who wrote this then asked,
"Should I buy a lotto ticket?"
The person's asking people to
interpret this dream.
Jang-hoon must've gone there
to sell an electric blanket
Here's a response.
"It means that difficult matters become
resolved and
your business will flourish, and an
unexpected guess will visit you
to tell you a good news."
It's known to be a dream of good fortune
when someone famous comes in.
- It's a good dream!
- I'm relieved then.
So this person interpreted the dream
as a good one, but there are 2 people
who clicked, "I don't agree."
They didn't agree?
A person can dream about us and depending
on how we are, some may say
it's a good dream or a bad ream.
That's why we have to work hard
and be good to others.
How about giving life-advices
to one another?
(Out of nowhere?)
Like a relay?
Yes, one after another.
For Jang-hoon...
I'm sure there are many advices to give.
I think you should be cautious
about women.
(A strong one from the get-go)
Be careful, and careful again!
Plan things well.
Jang-hoon's mad.
I'll make sure to remember.
(Thanks a lot, buddy!)
(Jang-hoon to Sang-min this time)
For Sang-min, I'd advice about health
more than anything.
He should take care of his health.
He's been very busy lately, extremely
busy, and I'm worried
his body might not be able to handle it.
I wish for Sang-min to be careful
about his health.
I'd like to say the same for Soo-geun,
about being healthy.
You can see it from time to time,
he's losing hair.
(His going bald is out in the open now)
He's in bad shape, he's going bald and
also has gout.
He might lose all of his teeth soon.
That's because you beat him up!
(It was actually a warning)
No, his teeth have been shaky,
they've gotten weak.
It really worries me a lot.
We don't have the right to be sick!
I don't show it, see?
We're overlapping with advices
about health.
I'd like to tell Yeong-cheol something
that was already mentioned.
Don't rush into things, be wary of women.
- How'd you know?
- You've been talking to someone?
(Yeong-cheol's dating, finally?)
Send her back, Yeong-cheol.
She said she won't leave, surprisingly.
But the girl keeps going overseas
whenever she's got time.
(We should congratulate him
if it's true!)
(Got it)
(Someone knocks on the door at that moment)
- Who is it?
- Not confident enough.
(Cute!)
- It's Super Mario!
- How cute!
(Yoon Jung-soo, popular again these days
second time around)
Wow, it's Ha Yeon-soo!
(A famous and lovely actress,
Ha Yeon-soo)
Look at the difference between
the sizes of their faces!
(No Photoshop)
Are you gaining more weight on purpose?
How can you be the one to say that
to me?
(I've never seen anyone else
with face that big)
Step out a bit, next to the desk.
- Why?
- Let's take a look.
I'm hiding behind this because
I don't want to look fat!
You should exercise.
Soo-geun whispered something when
Jung-soo was about to walk in.
I'm not trying to be funny, seriously.
"What happened to his body?"
"Wow... What happened to his body?"
(And he repeats it)
What about my body?
(All take a look at his body shape)
Am I missing organs? Body parts?
You look like a kid who took the wrong type
of herbal medicine.
(What'd you say?)
Someone did tell me that I look like
a German kid who's studying abroad.
Why are you wearing a monk's clothing
for school uniform?
(Huge pants on him)
Soo-geun can finally look down at someone.
(Feeling tall)
(A confident hello)
There's a cartoon by Go U-yeong
long time ago,
it was called, "Garujigi."
You look like him.
You're shorter than Soo-geun?
(Be quiet!)
Let me introduce myself.
I came from "I know how Jang-hoon
feels now" high school.
My name is Yoon Jung-soo.
How I feel?
You've never been married.
I had to say goodbye to someone,
and I understand now.
(Oh, that!)
It was an imaginary divorce for a TV show,
but I was really sad.
- He did have a pretended marriage.
- How can amateurs say such a thing?
You're not qualified to talk about going
through a break-up.
That's not the true break-up!
(Can't say anything in front of
a real divorcee)
- What kind of a break-up was it?
- Documents were exchanged.
We had contracts signed too!
Wait, weren't you married for longer
than Jang-hoon?
We were married for 2 years!
How about you?
I knew her as a fellow comedian for
13 years, then were "married" for 2!
It's much longer than
what you went through.
Your face turned red, you look like
my thumb when I stop blood circulation.
(Having so much fun teasing him)
(I hear that often)
I'm done with mine, let's listen
to Yeon-soo's introduction.
Yeon-soo is really pretty!
Thanks, Hee-chul.
I heard a lot about you from Yeri.
She looks just like Yeri from Red Velvet.
You do look alike!
They both look like turtles.
Let me talk first.
What school did you come from?
From "Older than you think" high school,
and I'm Ha Yeon-soo.
(Nice to meet you!)
She sounds so smart!
You're older than we think?
How old are you?
I'm 28.
28 years old?
That's not old enough for us.
But 28...
She looks about 28 though.
(No way!)
That hurt her pride.
(Checking with Jung-soo about
how old she looks)
You didn't know this, but your school
said they changed their name.
To "You look exactly your age" high school.
(I really didn't know)
We don't really say nice things
around here.
(It's not so easy here)
She put pink makeup on
to look younger.
Yes, I did go a little overboard today.
- You look like a doll.
- Or a cartoon character.
What's the Russian doll that's stacked
inside of another?
Matryoshka doll!
Yeah! She looks like one. You open
the lid and there's another doll.
Look at her skin.
I heard Yeon-soo purposely picked Jung-soo
to come here together,
to look better in comparison.
- That's not true.
- No, we have a secret...
I don't think that's a good idea,
don't touch me.
You make me feel nervous.
What a tough guy!
You gotta reject them from time to time.
He's the best-speaking thumb in the world.
Jung-soo's been so active on TV
even up to very recently,
"The blue-chip" of TV variety shows!
I loved you in "Match Made in Heaven."
That's right!
Hey, Ho-dong!
Don't hang out with these
weird little guys.
You shined the brightest when you worked
with me.
"Exciting Saturday night on fire!"
You should forget about that,
it's been years.
You can't live in the past.
I don't have any other famous phrases.
How long will you just talk about
how famous you were before?
Do you know why he decided to come today?
- Why?
- Isn't it to thank me?
- I saw it!
Jung-soo said that he had a dream about me
when things were rough.
And things got much better after
having that dream!
I saw your interview, you paid off 85%
of all your debt and it's because of me!
You should've said that when you paid
off all your debt, why'd you leave 15%?
Oh, they're from people who said I can
pay them back later.
- 15% of your total debt?
- Yeah, so they gave me more time.
- Wow, you should be grateful.
- I definitely am.
I'm sure Sang-min understands
really well.
There are some very nice people out there.
It's true.
Is it really like the movies where people
come to your house
and put red stickers, saying that you don't
own them anymore?
Yeah, they came and did that.
Sounds so scary.
Someone kept knocking on my door
like this.
I wasn't feeling well, so I didn't
open the door.
But then I heard, "Let's just
break it open then."
Then I heard this sound...
For real?
I got scared and I finally
opened the door.
"What are you doing?"
And they looked like government
workers.
- Dressed in suits?
- Yeah, in suits.
If I can elaborate...
They have to have a couple of people
who live in that town as witnesses,
that's when the government workers
can bring a locksmith and enter.
Oh, there's a little more
detail you missed.
That's only if the government workers
are from the county office.
No, it's also true for the people
the court send.
Not if there's police present.
Oh, is that right?
I'm always learning something new
on this show!
So anyway, I asked them what they
were doing.
They said that there was a court order
and they had to put on these red stickers
on things that I own.
They put on about 100-something
red stickers.
So if they put a red sticker on your TV
for example, you can't watch it?
You can watch it, but you can't
take it outside.
But the problem was that they put
the sticker on the remote part,
the sensor to pick up the remote control
signal.
So the remote control wouldn't work!
(It's useless now)
But I felt like something scary was going
to happen if I peeled it.
So I just folded it like this.
I folded it so I can use the remote.
- You can't peel off the sticker?
- You can't.
- It's against the law.
- You can peel it, but gotta keep it.
Really?
Yes, but if you lose it or throw it away,
you can be prosecuted.
What are we, competing over
how much we know about debt?
(I'm the biggest debtor around here!)
Then the court orders me to leave the house
so they can put it up for auction.
The day I left the house after receiving
that order was my birthday, actually.
So I moved out on my birthday and after
I finished moving everything,
another comedian that I know said,
"You should at least do this,"
and brought out a birthday cake.
I felt like I was gonna die.
Of course I cried.
It was a sad moment.
I'm a little choked up now
talking about it.
Nothing like this happened to you,
Yeon-soo?
You haven't gone bankrupt yet?
Sorry about "yet."
I'm helping my family get out of debt.
- Oh really?
- Yes.
So I hope it goes well today.
I heard people call you "Kim Yeong-cheol
in the acting field."
That doesn't make me feel so good.
It'll be better to have someone
cuss you out than that.
Yeah, might as well.
Not that, but you published a book of
your photo collection?
- Yeah.
- I heard it became a best-seller!
I'm also the author of a best-seller.
Wow, really?
You mean you wrote a book, not that
it became a best-seller.
It's because none of you guys read, but
the book I wrote about learning
English is a best-seller!
Really?
So you'd go back and forth from Korea
and other countries to take photos?
Yes, I've been to Russia recently.
- To take photos?
- Yeah.
What are your themes? Photographers
usually have themes in their photos, right?
For me...
I like subjects like you whom I can feel
the beauty of age and experience from.
I like taking photos of grandpas
and grandmas.
I'm a grandpa?
You have a face that says a lot
about your past.
I love photos likes that.
She's smiling yet the jabs keep coming!
It's not like that!
There is beauty to be found in
wrinkles of older people's faces.
It makes you think about life
and its struggles.
It's art.
I brought it, actually.
- You brought something?
- Yes.
I brought my camera.
It's a Polaroid.
- The old kind.
- Polaroid!
- Can I take a picture of you?
- I feel embarrassed now.
I can't believe you want to take
a picture of my face!
Here it goes!
You're not taking a picture of me
actually, sitting behind Ho-dong, right?
(Grabbing everyone's attention)
(I know I'm famous)
(He knows nothing about this, just happy
to get his solo shot)
Leave it flipped over like this
and see it in 20 minutes.
(A special gift of a photo
Yeon-soo prepared)
(But I'm the main character here!)
For both of you, your body proportions
are unrealistic.
One's got a really small face
and the other...
He's not quite 5' 6", right?
Nowhere near! He's not even 5' 4"
just at a glance.
Is he taller than you, Soo-geun?
You're taller?
I told you I'm 5' 4".
You know your height follows your name,
right? That's why you're shrunk. [pun]
You're "Jung-soo," that's why people
can see the top of your head. [pun]
(Neither back down in this dissing war)
Wait a second.
Can't you tell I'm taller than you just
from seeing me walking towards you?
Come over here if you're so sure!
I'm sure I can beat you at least,
among all the people.
It hurts my ego.
What's your height listed as
in your profile?
I'm 165 cm for real.
I'm 164.7.
But Soo-geun looks taller.
(Let's measure them!)
Let me stand next to you first.
(Yeon-soo is 160 cm)
Soo-geun's definitely taller!
(Feeling unsure)
We can do it with shoes off,
I got nothing in my shoes.
I got nothing in my shoes either!
(A war over height between
the 2 shortest people)
Wait!
(Putting on the brakes)
(His confidence level drops right before
the actual measuring)
Don't stand next to each other yet,
but just walk past each other first.
I look shorter with the backpack on,
can I take this off?
I'll take it.
(The moment of truth)
(Tiptoe)
(Come on, Jung-soo!)
Jung-soo, just walk straight!
You gotta change your
profile information then.
I think you must be 167!
(Likes the idea)
- I haven't really measured.
- Maybe you're still growing!
Let's go for real.
I always walk like this.
Wait a minute, his hair is really poofy.
(That's not the reason!)
Your hair's this tall by itself!
Your hair's spiked up too!
(Gets up quietly)
Hey, let me see.
What are you guys doing?
(Gulliver in Lilliput.avi)
See?
Soo-geun's shoulder's higher too.
Jung-soo! Then Jang-hoon's arms must be
longer than your legs, right?
(Hm?)
Jung-soo will be 2 inches taller if we
just loosen up his calves.
(His height is all hidden here)
His legs are shorter than my arms?
We can measure.
I'm holding a fist.
(Same height here)
Jang-hoon's arm's longer!
(Neither can believe it)
Jung-soo, then it's like you have 4 arms?
It's like you're standing on your
hands right now.
(This doesn't look strange at all)
What am I, a desk?
Study!
Bring us what your papers.
- You do have a good body proportion.
- Thanks, Jung-soo.
We have 3 people in the class today
who've been married and back?
Wait, 4.
The ratio's about the same.
Him, him, him, and him.
These 2 don't count, you can't put
amateurs in this mix.
Why do you want to be "a professional"
this time?
(Strict requirements to join their league)
I don't think it's right.
Admission application,
name: Yoon Jung-soo.
Nickname: Yoon Housewife.
I like doing housekeeping work,
I've lived alone for a long time.
He's really good at it.
He's really clean, though he doesn't
look the part.
Why do you say he doesn't look it?
He seems like he just likes to eat
and not clean.
But he's really clean.
It doesn't fit you that you're
so clean either.
(Quickly apologizes)
I was surprised!
(Jang-hoon learns something new
about himself today again)
I am pretty clean, and I say so myself.
I used to think that my house was
already clean, but I stood up on a chair
and saw how dirty it was.
There's dust everywhere above my head.
I know what you mean.
We can see Jung-soo's sincere heart
in this last determination he wrote.
He said, "I'm gonna kick a few out
and sit in this classroom."
- I don't really want Yeong-cheol's seat.
- Why not?
Even if I sit there, I'll just end up
having everyone blame me.
He's so wise!
They don't even pay me sit here.
- Really?
- Just kidding!
But it seems like it's the easiest seat
for me to take.
You'll be the first to get kicked out
for not being funny.
Yeong-cheol, you should pay the network
to sit there and be in the show.
(You think so?)
You should be paying them
if you're gonna be that boring!
It must be this seat!
I heard there's a seat in this station
that you pay rent for!
Yes, it's like a school, you pay a monthly
fee to sit here and learn.
That's a great idea! Charge celebrities
for their seats.
They take deposits and sell seats
to them.
And I can have someone sublet
this seat?
Good idea! With a security deposit.
Now it's Yeon-soo's turn.
Yeon-soo's nickname is "Kobugi,"
like a turtle.
It fits you.
She does look like a turtle.
She looks like Yeri, too.
Her flaw is that she looks a little
awkward, not clearly pretty.
- Not at all!
- Really?
If her face is awkward, what about
our faces?
"Our" faces?
(I'm not your kind)
You think you're a little better-looking
in this crowd, right?
I never thought I was actually bad-looking.
Honestly speaking,
these 2 are not like us, we all agree.
But what about you? Who do you
think you are?
I'm not in your league for sure,
Jang-hoon and Ho-dong.
Honestly, isn't Soo-geun a little more
like us instead?
Let me take a look and see
who looks better.
How about me sitting here?
Your face isn't so bad, really.
Your entire body makes you look
ugly though.
You think you're any better?
You look like a Boy Scout.
What's up with your pants?
What about my pants?
You look younger than before though.
Your skin looks good. You look
the same from years ago.
Short people don't get old that fast.
It's an advantage we have.
He's gotta have something at least
to survive.
He does look really young.
I felt like I was dying for a few years.
Yeon-soo's got a very unique strength.
She draws, but using her toes.
No way!
There are people who can use their feet
like their hands.
Jin from BTS opened a plastic bag
with his toes last time, too.
Show us your skill, Yeon-soo.
(At ease)
Draw one of us, and we'll guess
who it is.
OK.
My arms are short, maybe I can replace
my arms with her legs.
Yeon-soo lives a tough life.
- You're keeping your socks on?
- Hey, it seems legit.
I can tell it's Yeong-cheol
just from that.
You're right!
(Long face with Beethoven hair)
(Looking 100% same!)
(She can draw quickly and stably,
as if she's drawing with her hand)
She's picking out characters quickly,
like a "creature."
"Creature"?
What are you, talking about an alien?
(Caricature...)
(Her drawing gets more and more complete
as crowd around her talks)
It's me, right? It looks just like me.
Looks a little cooler than you.
Let me draw with my hand this time.
OK, with your hand this time!
Let's see how good she is with her hand.
(Focused)
(Quickly)
- Wow, she's really good!
- And she's fast!
(She's already done with an outline)
(They're amazed at how well she draws)
(Done already!)
(Looks just like him!)
Looks like a Communist.
Or Swings, the rapper!
Here, insert a...
(Draw a star here!)
(She fixes her drawing
at their fervent request)
He looks like a Chinese soldier who fought
at the Korean War!
(And he looks just like Ho-dong)
(Inserting a small star)
She's good!
(With detailed finishing touches)
She can draw like a cartoonist.
(They look the same)
Thanks!
I'll give you a very personal quiz
about myself.
We like personal questions.
Jung-soo, try hard to get these too.
OK.
If you single me out like that,
I might misunderstand your intention.
What's wrong with you?
Isn't that true? She singled me out.
It's a very personal question starting
with the first one.
Hope you get it.
I'll get all of them right.
I was so upset after my first love
said he wanted to break up with me.
So I gave him a condition, "If you do
these things then I agree to break up."
What do you think I said?
I was 20.
8 years Ag.
Just keep dating me for one more month.
If you still want to break up after
we date another month, then it's over.
"See you after 4 weeks!"
"I'll kill you if you date someone
younger than me."
(What was that?)
How long did you guys go out for
before he broke up with you?
A month.
Just a month?
Yeon-soo must've done something wrong.
Were you caught stealing something?
No, nothing like that!
If it's not something bad like that,
why after a month?
(They're making up stories again)
"I agree to breaking up if you don't
tell anyone that I stole."
"Just give me another month, I'll return
everything I stole from you."
"Throw up all the food we ate together."
(She brings out the hammer
without saying anything)
I hope you throw up after
getting hit by this.
(Crash!)
This is a new method!
I did not expect that.
I didn't think she'd hit me like that.
Now you're doing slap-stick comedy?
I just didn't expect it.
I'm curious, did you guys end up
breaking up after doing that?
We did.
I agree to break up if you give me
200,000 dollars.
(Quietly walking up again)
She hit my ear!
That's why he broke up with you!
Because he was scared of you.
It's something he had to do for me.
Guess.
In a crowded public place, like a plaza...
(Surprised)
Must be close.
You asked him to yell really loudly,
"Yeon-soo, I love you!"
No, but it's true that it involved
a crowded place.
A famous dating spot.
At a park...
It was in Seoul.
"Buy me a pork cutlet in Namsan!"
The location is correct.
You know those steps in Namsan?
"If we play rock-paper-scissors and you
climb up the steps faster, I agree."
A similar feel, but completely different
condition.
You had a lock of love in Namsan
while you were dating.
No, we didn't.
"If you find it and open it,
we'll break up."
No, no lock.
Jang-hoon was the closest so far.
Yeah, I'm always the closest one
before getting it wrong.
Not a game, he had to do something.
"I'll let you break up with me if you carry
me all the way up the steps in Namsan."
Correct!
(Seo Jang-hoon gets it right!)
It is amazing that he got it right,
but why'd you do that?
Don't you have any pride?
I didn't then.
Get up!
And applaud!
(Praise him!)
He got the answer, but did the boyfriend
really do that?
Or did he quit?
I'm sure he didn't actually do it.
He did carry me up all the way to the top.
He must've really wanted to
break up with you!
You must've cried so hard when he
reached the top with you on his back.
I started crying as soon as I got
on his back.
(Heartbroken)
I'm sure his back was soaked.
No, let's not act it out.
He was so mean too, he knew
that you were crying so hard.
You should've tripped him.
And make him fall.
Both will fall then.
True.
You should've just told him to get lost
and kick him when
he was about to carry you.
He was my first love!
Those steps must have felt so short
for you.
Yes, that's true.
The one who's more in love is always
like a sinner.
What a nice phrase!
I loved many people before.
- You shouldn't have done that.
- Why not?
I don't know, I just think so.
It's a life sentence for me if a lover
is a sinner.
(Punishment for loving someone)
So we got to the top, and now we had to
go back down, while I was still crying.
And we walked down those steps together,
as I was bawling.
I was crying so hard, and he said something
to me on our way down.
"I'll take you back if you still like me
the same after a few years."
- Ridiculous!
- It's like a dog barking.
"That makes no sense, you bastard!"
You're getting completely different types
of responses than other places, right?
I'm taken aback.
We're like her dad.
We're being completely honest,
it's a totally ridiculous thing to say.
It's just crap, what he said.
Then I called him.
No!
Because you still liked him?
I continued to like him.
- We met up, but...
- You were a bit clingy, don't you think?
We did meet up.
We met once, then another, then another.
And we dated each other again.
(No way!)
- Then you broke up again?
- Yeah.
See how meaningless it was?
What did you like so much about him?
He was so opposite from me,
and I was attracted to that.
Opposite in what way?
Our personalities.
Our preferences.
Did you ask him to carry you up a
ski resort this time?
No, we just agreed to break up.
He's an expert on agreeing to break up.
Bring in the camera!
(Our expert on agreeing to break up)
It went smoothly this time.
Who broke up with whom this time?
I did.
Why?
It seemed like he didn't love me anymore.
What made you come to that decision?
His facial expressions, how he talked to
me, his actions...
Why'd you ask him to carry you up
to Namsan?
I've actually never been to Namsan.
I thought it was this huge mountain.
I thought it'll take like 3 hours to go
back and forth.
Oh, you thought it'd be impossible
for him to do that.
Where did you grow up that you've
never been to Namsan?
Busan.
You have no accent at all!
I can!
Show us.
I am right now.
(She's still got it!)
- You're from Haeundae?
- Yes, how'd you know?
I just guessed.
(She thought he knew something)
He only knows Haeundae and Gwangalli
in Busan.
(He finds it amazing too)
Haeundae is a big region.
Give us the next question.
OK, just wait.
Her accent's so cute!
How long did you live there? From your
voice, it must've been at least until
you were a senior in high school.
You're totally right!
Completely accurate.
- You came to Seoul when you were 20?
- You're right!
Then you met that boyfriend as soon
as you came to Seoul?
Pretty much, yeah.
You liked his soft Seoul accent?
Yeah!
"Yeon-soo, did you eat yet?"
(Impressed by his Seoul accent)
(Getting crazy)
(Now stern)
Was he better looking than me?
Yes!
(Not feeling good)
Why would you ask that?
Of course he was.
More charming than me?
His skin tone was similar to yours.
There's gotta be nothing similar that she
had to compare skin tones.
At least the eyes or the nose!
Where can you ever find someone
who's like Ho-dong?
(The one and only!)
Now this is about my next boyfriend.
The next one.
So after this boyfriend and I broke up,
I even did this to try to
win his heart again.
You put a mole on your face
with a marker.
To pretend to be a different person.
(Wrong answer)
It'll have to be a really big mole.
You figured out where he goes
in his daily life.
You kept making yourself to run into him
in his route.
Making it seem like coincidence.
It's a little similar.
Like you ran into him on coincidence?
That's the worst! No one should do that.
You drank and...
No one should do that, it's the worst
of being clingy.
- You drank...
- I really don't think...
OK, stop it, Jang-hoon!
You're the worst of the clingy type!
Let him talk for once!
Sorry, but it's just so bad.
What's so terrible about it?
I think it's just so terrible to plant
yourself to "run into him"
by figuring out where he'd go next.
I really hate that idea, no one should
do that.
What you're saying is right, but
think about how desperate she was.
I understand the desperation,
but it doesn't help, so don't.
Was he always this much of an expert
in dating?
I'm a little surprised myself.
Nothing like that, but it's just
the worst thing to do.
No. Let me elaborate.
(Kyung-hoon loses his chance again)
I called him and told him,
then I went there.
You drank everyday and went to
go see him everyday.
No.
She can't drink.
No, I drink about 2 and a half bottles
of soju.
(Jaw-dropping)
But that's not what's important!
It's very important to us!
This was the funniest moment today.
"No, 2 and a half bottles of soju for me."
You can see that she didn't have
a typical life in the past.
You put yourself in a delivery box.
You went to him with a turtle mask.
Similar.
You put on the life-size body suit
you see in amusement parks.
Very similar.
You pretended to deliver flowers
then opened your helmet.
The doll mask is right.
It was a cat mask.
I regretted telling him that we should
break up.
And I did this to take it back.
So it was a gesture to make up.
So you put on a Hahoe mask [pun]
and pretended to be a famous comedian.
(Of course not!)
She has to know how to act like him then.
You were waiting for him at his bus stop
or a subway stop,
and you stood next to him wearing
the big mask.
That's so cute, I should've done that.
How's that cute?
You waited for him in front of his house
with the mask on!
(Yeong-cheol gets it right!)
I put on this whole body suit of a cat,
but couldn't fit in a taxi.
- The head was too big.
- The taxi driver let you?
Yeah, he did.
The taxi driver helped me take out
the head piece, so I got in.
Now I had to get off and he helped me
put back the head piece again.
And I had to pay, but because of the huge
glove, I couldn't pull out my card.
Her life's like a sitcom.
Anyhow, I put back the costume, and
there was a kindergarten in front of
his house.
So all these kids were pointing
at me, wanting to play.
It's like going to a bee house
covered in honey.
- Then?
- Then I waited for him with flowers.
What'd he say?
He sighed, like a sigh of relief.
Your mind told you to put on
a body suit of a cat?
Yes.
(Signal received)
Why'd you break up again after
working to hard to get back together?
Difference in personality.
(Looks at him again)
Stop looking at me!
Everyone's got a different personality.
That's true.
Just like there's difference in height.
What do you guys do if someone wants
to break up with you but you don't?
You can't hold on to a person's heart
once the person already leaves.
You guys never asked to reconsider?
Yeong-cheol never dated
to begin with.
(Official dating record is unknown)
(He feels like he won somehow)
Is that true though?
He said he's never kissed before.
Really?
(He's now given up)
He was going to kiss, but he got slapped.
She hit me.
(How sad...)
It was with a foreigner?
Anyway, I hope you find your true love.
Maybe one of you might date me.
- That's true.
- Yes.
- I have a chance too?
- Yes, of course!
- Really?
- Yes.
I know, I'm so popular.
It's OK if someone's a lot older?
(Is it OK if I don't answer?)
He was just saying not to get clingy!
I don't think Yeon-soo cares that much
about age difference.
He's right.
What's the acceptable range
of age difference?
Well, can't be a minor.
How about older?
As long as someone doesn't feel
like my dad.
What kind of a personality do you like?
Someone responsible.
Someone who's kind and gentle.
And someone who takes care of
his own business.
That's totally me then.
Nothing about the looks?
How about the out-appearances?
Just someone... With the same vibe
when he's with me.
What kind of a vibe is that?
She's saying, "Someone not ugly."
Why go around in circles?
How can I do that? How can I not be ugly?
She's saying, "I hope he's decent-looking."
Someone I can kiss.
Tell us your limit among us
for you to kiss.
It's too cruel.
How many people here you think
you just can't kiss?
How many?
Let's say everyone's the same age.
(OK, got it)
And no one's married.
Don't move, don't move!
Don't mention any names.
Just how many?
I think I can kiss maybe 6 from here.
(He's counting how many total)
(Who are the 2 that are just impossible
for her to kiss?)
I would've been sad if it was just one.
I feel like I'm on the line.
I really want to know which two.
One on each side?
Yes.
(One in each side!)
Let's reveal it for our side.
(All agree?)
I don't want to!
No, I won't say it!
I think it has to be Ho-dong then.
(Unsure what to do)
She said she likes Ho-dong.
What color of clothing?
Milk or chocolate?
How about initials for color? M? C?
Sometimes it's better not to know.
- Let's not find out.
- I agree.
It doesn't feel resolved.
I feel the same.
Can I go on to my next problem?
I think you're the problem.
Yes! Jung-soo, you're absolutely right.
This time, I was the problem.
- Really?
- Yeah, I was.
Hope you get it right.
(She's definitely unique)
When I was little...
Someone stopped me and said that
there was a bad vibe or energy around me.
So I followed him, and I said something.
What do you think I said?
"Carry me there!"
"Can I live here?"
"Do you provide food and lodging?"
(Wrong answer, Jang-hoon)
"What a liar!"
"You all want to be arrested
by the police?"
It's very close.
"I'm gonna call the cops if you don't
let me go right away!"
That's right.
Jang-hoon got so good at this.
I feel embarrassed that I get it
right all the time now.
I thought of it, but thought it was
too obvious.
Sorry that I keep getting
all the right answers.
Then you shouldn't have.
If you knew you were right.
You went there but you wanted
to call the cops?
They said it was a meditation facility.
I wanted to see what they would tell me,
like they'd prescribe something for me.
But they just told me to get into
an empty room.
Then they told me to pray standing up
for 50 minutes.
I was so appalled.
I told them I'm gonna call the cops
on all of them.
"What is this place?"
Did you call the cops?
I did dial, but they try to take away
my phone and stopped me.
- Then they let you go right then?
- Yes, right away.
You were much stronger than
they thought, I'm sure.
I was a little scared, to be honest.
I had to walk down on my own,
I was scared they might chase me.
But not when you were going in?
I was confident that nothing bad
would happen to me.
And the person who approached me was
a girl, so I was curious.
- She was younger than me.
- Someone younger than you took you there?
On top of that, she had pink shoes,
pink jacket, and pink scarf.
Hey, that's me!
Let me try to remember.
I was 20.
Hey it's gotta be around the same time...
You should be careful.
- It can get dangerous.
- Don't follow strangers.
Many things happened to you
when you were 20.
She must've been very curious about
Seoul.
Yes, I was very curious.
It's that age.
What do you guys do when you're
really curious about something?
I don't get so curious.
Aren't you curious about buildings
and real estate?
Not really, actually.
He's already got all that he wants,
and he's done it all.
More than what I have or done...
I just stay still, I don't really have
anything I'm curious about.
How about you, Jung-soo?
I have no interest in things outside
of my field.
- We're the same way.
- Most people are like that.
I'm interested in things like, "Hey,
there are 4 women drinking,
wanna join them?"
- He does have an interest in dating.
- Yes.
It's not wrong for me to have an interest
in women.
Of course not.
If I can reveal the person in this line,
it's Jung-soo whom I won't kiss.
What are you doing?
(Runs away)
(The giant saw something)
I saw Ho-dong's face as soon
as she said that.
He's got a huge smile on his face!
It's Jung-soo whom I won't kiss.
(First relieved)
(Then a huge smile across his face)
(And embarrassed after)
(He's still burning with anger)
Did I ever ask you to date me?
(She keeps running away)
Did I ever ask you to go out with me?
(Sorry, sorry!)
(Makes me mad to think about it)
How about this side! Who is it?
What about this side?
Reveal it for this side too!
Don't do it!
(There seems to be an understanding)
It's not necessary, don't do it.
Is it him at the end?
Yeah, that's right.
She didn't say anything.
Look at her response!
(Trying to stay calm)
She's cute.
I don't want to hear her questions
anymore.
I'm not curious about her at all.
(Take courage, my friend)
(Whatever)
(Yeon-soo's quiz time really
brought the house down)
Now it's time for my quiz.
The last question already?
We had such a good time.
That was great!
(We're done shooting today?)
He takes our joke.
Most of my questions are about women.
It's about things he doesn't have,
like an illusion.
I was in a car with a woman, about
6 years ago.
But my stomach started hurting
really badly.
I was holding it but...
And I let one out, naturally.
- You farted?
- Yes.
But the smell was so bad.
I was taken aback, and opened the
window just a tiny bit.
That's how the smell can get sucked out.
But she said something to me then.
"It's gotta be poop!"
(I won't let you slide)
"Jung-soo! Did you eat poop?"
It's a hammer party.
"Jung-soo, don't open the window
it smells like trash."
"Are you a piece of trash?"
I've heard that often, but...
"Someone must have a pig here."
"But you're that pig! You pooped
like a pig!"
(I'll make you poop blood!)
Put out your hands.
(No mercy)
I'll act out the gesture she made.
That's gotta be it.
"There must be something around here,
how can a human being..."
Form it into a sentence!
"There must be a pigsty around here!"
(Ho-dong gets it right!)
It's gotta be someone who's
not that young.
Yes, that's true.
Not many people would say, "pigsty."
Was she older than you?
She was about 37 or 38 then.
See? Young people don't say
"pigsty."
"There must be a pigsty around here,
close the window."
You think she really didn't know?
Or she pretended so you won't be
embarrassed?
She had no idea.
Then you guys broke up?
They don't usually pick up my calls
after we hang out.
That's a clever way to do it,
what she said.
So I did that a few times.
I kept blaming on pigsties that must
be around.
I'd use that as an excuse.
She should've said something more.
"There must be a pigsty around here.
Have you had your fodder today?"
She was a bit dull with those things.
She didn't even hear it?
Not if it's like this.
The silent ones are the deadliest.
The silent ones smell the worst.
(They're the fart experts)
I think it's because I had a few drinks.
Soo-geun lets one out while we shoot.
Sometimes my fart gives me a boost,
like a rocket.
How about you, Yeon-soo?
Me?
What if you need to far while
you're on a date?
Her body type farts loudly.
A loud boom!
You can't just hit the person?
Why hit the person? It was a big one?
We were OK with each other
farting before.
- With your boyfriend?
- Yeah.
(Is this a true story?)
When you were 20?
He did first.
It's good for women to do that.
Holding your fart in can cause a huge
problem to your stomach later.
- With too much gas.
- Yeah.
It's the funniest tool for
a momentary laughter.
So I purposely hold it in until
I'm in an enclosed space.
It's a talent too.
- It is.
- It's hard to fart at will.
I feel too embarrassed.
You look like you can.
You don't look so clean either.
(I knew that already)
It's funny that he accepts it.
The second question!
I was in a pretend-marriage
with Kim Sook for a TV show.
And there was a moment I thought
she was a really cool woman.
When do you think it was?
When you saw how rich she was.
When she washed your feet while you were
on a trip to Japan.
I have very dry feet, I hate it
when people touch my feet.
You guys kissed, and you felt something
in your heart.
Am I right? I'm right, aren't I?
- They kissed? - Why don't you admit
to the truth while you're here?
- Turn around. - You could tell
us, it's okay. - Turn around!
You'll fart when I hit you,
if you're a real comedian.
The worst scene in this world is when a
small person hits another small person.
- Wrong! - It wasn't a recording
but an unofficial encounter.
- Yes, it wasn't a recording.
- Either a lot of people were around...
or you guys had dinner and she
secretly give you her card...
and says, "Jung-soo, you
should pay with my card".
Or, she pays for the whole meal and
tells everyone Jung-soo paid for it.
He makes you feel manly, but you
guys weren't even on the program.
At a dinner meeting. You'd be moved.
Why? Don't you have any money, Jung-soo?
he's paying back his debt these days.
There was a time when my
money wasn't my money.
Don't sign someone else's guarantee.
You were moved when she introduced
you to friends as her husband.
- That would be so burdensome.
- Really? - Of course.
I'll give you a hint. It was when I was
having a hard time. I was really down.
It was the hardest moment in  my life.
I think I know.
- I've got it.
- I think I know too.
- I know your mom passed away and...
- Yes, she passed away.
Kim Sook was at the funeral and stayed
at the funeral as if she was your wife.
You got it!
She stood by your side
through the whole thing.
She played the role of your
mom's daughter-in-law.
- She was there like the chief
mourner, wasn't she? - Yes, she did.
She greeted people by half jokingly
telling people that she was my wife.
No one thought it to be strange since
we were a fake couple back then.
I was thankful when I saw her
doing that for me. I was moved.
- She's amazing. - Sook showed
a lot of loyalty. - Of course.
You never seriously thought about it?
Everyone told us we looked good together.
I thought she was great, but we
never saw each other in that way.
We've been colleagues for over ten-years.
How could I suddenly accept
her as something else?
Our appearances were too big
of a hill to climb for us.
- Sook likes good-looking guys too.
- Of course, she does.
- It's important for her. - It could be
like when Yeon-soo didn't want to kiss him.
(Shaking)
I think I should hit you for this one.
This is all your fault.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
Did you fart?
- Did you ask, if I farted?
- Yeah.
- I didn't hear anything.
- It just smells around you.
It smells like fart around you.
We were being serious and
you brought up farting.
That's all you could think of?
- I could smell it.
- You could?
Now, the next question.
Just like Yeon-soo...
I've also had trouble
with the opposite sex.
In 2003, I tried making a move on a
woman and heard something shocking.
- It was 14-years ago?
- This was when I was actually popular.
- Something shocking?
- Match made in heaven.
I got it. "Please stand when
you're talking seriously".
Nope.
- You should stand up.
- I can identify with it.
- I said it because I know.
- You're the likeliest to get it right.
You see?
- What did you say to her?
- She told you, she had two kids.
Really?
Wait a second. I keep getting drawn in.
You're wrong.
I've lived a hard life. Why
are you doing this to me?
How dare you?
It had a very similar tone to it.
A guy like you?
It was an answer to when I asked,
"Can I keep calling you?".
- I'm changing phones soon.
- Nope.
I'll show you how she
reacted without words.
I got it.
- Geez, why?
- Nope.
- I got it!
- It's similar.
- You still don't get it?
- You're really close, but no.
- It's not the first time we talked on
the phone. - Say it, like you did.
Say it, so I can get into the role.
Do you think it'll be okay
for me to keep calling?
Stop while you're ahead.
It's already been hard enough
taking your phone calls.
- I got it. Why do you keep nagging me?
- It's kind of similar.
Why are you so obsessed?
- I told you, but why can't you...
- Understand what I'm saying!
Why don't you understand what I'm saying?
You got it!
- Should I be this happy about this?
- Look at how he likes it.
Aren't we right when we asked, why
you don't understand anything?
Can I keep calling you? She said, "Why
don't you understand what I'm saying?".
She packed a punch with that one line.
Ouch, that's hurtful.
How long did you meet her?
We dated about two or three times.
It was after that.
- She was mean.
- I don't think she knew how to reject me.
Are you usually a bit obtuse at
understanding what people say?
Yes, I think so. It's kind of
hard for me to understand.
You're only focused on your emotions.
You like her, so it's not important the
way the other person feels about him.
He's like a dating professor.
I think I could've been like
that when I was younger.
It's would be hard for the other person.
He's a dating professor for
everyone else, but himself.
- That was 2003, let's move onto 2005.
- Again?
Another woman told me
something shocking as well.
A shocking statement in 2005.
Do you see what's going on?
In 2003, he tried coming onto
a woman and got blown away.
He rested a year and regained
his confidence in 2005.
That's why he tried again.
I got it, I have the answer.
- I got it.
Clean your ears out!
- Clean your ears?
- What's that?
It was during the early stages of dating.
The previous person, I
went on at least 3 dates.
Would it be okay, if I
treated you special?
- I got it!
- No, wait a second. I got it.
- Entertainers shouldn't act like that.
- Nope!
I got it. Say your line to me.
- Would it be okay, if I treated you
special? - You're making me uncomfortable.
You got it!
(Hee-chul quickly gets it right)
What was it?
She said, "What the heck? You're
making me feel uncomfortable".
You made her uncomfortable.
- That was short and sweet. - How could
you make a move when you hear that?
You can't get upset either.
I said, "It seems like we're a
good match after talking to you.
Do you mind if I treated you special?".
She said, "What the heck? You're
making me feel uncomfortable".
She didn't even hesitate. She
didn't wait a second to say that.
You need to stay with the woman, who
sent you the congratulatory message.
You got totally rejected in 2003
when you tried making a move.
You made someone feel uncomfortable in
2005. You didn't make a move in 2004?
I'm about to ask you my question for 2004.
(He never stops trying to make a move)
I moved this question toward the end
since 2004's answer is a sentence.
We were wondering why 2004 was missing.
There's no reason for me to stop.
There's no stopping me!
- You didn't date them, you were
just making a move. - Of course!
- He's already been rejected. - The way
I see it, he makes his move too fast.
- That's true.
- He's not patient.
He doesn't give the woman any time for
them to think about what's going on.
He just makes his move
whether she's ready or not.
Isn't it better for a guy
to profess his feelings...
before the third date is up?
My friends use a new word these days.
It's three-after.
Three-after?
If there aren't any feelings after three
dates, then it's not worth going forward.
That's how I feel too.
- It's over after three dates, if you
don't feel anything? - Yes, that's right.
That's only possible when both parties
are attracted to one another.
Jung-soo made a move when the women
didn't feel anything for him.
I'm sure that's not true. Don't say that.
No, that's possible.
When you're making moves on the opposite
sex and you want to make her...
your woman, it's best to wait a bit.
He's such a well-informed
dating professor.
He's such a well-informed dating professor.
A very well-informed professor.
Not a regular professor, but
a well-informed professor.
I haven't heard well-informed
professor in a long time.
I can't think of anything to say
back to him because it's so funny.
Jang-hoon is theoretically the perfect guy.
I'm not theoretically
perfect but think about it.
Do you think I just laid around and
didn't do anything except for my ex-wife?
Do you think I didn't date
before getting married?
- Did you date in secret?
- Is that how you took it?
- You dated after you got divorced.
- Not after, before I got married.
- Before.
- Before and after? - Before.
Before.
It might have hurt then, but
it's important to be exact.
It's best to let the other
person know how you feel.
It might be better for me
to hear someone be blunt...
because if they're nice, I might
misunderstand that again.
- That's so sad.
- Why did she date you, in the first place?
Wasn't that the best answer she could give?
It wasn't too bad for her to say
she felt uncomfortable, was it?
Her "What the heck" was really high.
"What the heck? You're making
me feel uncomfortable".
It would've been fine, if she
said it the way you did.
She shouted, "What the heck?".
- She tried playing it off.
- She thought he was totally senseless.
- Let's go with 2004.
- Okay, 2004.
The answer is pretty long.
A long sentence.
- I...
- You professed your feelings again.
I went so far to say this sentence.
What do you think I said?
Do you really hate me that much?
No, but it's kinds of...
- Do you think you're that great?
- No, then I couldn't date her anymore.
Think before you talk.
- She wouldn't date me anymore.
- We're not allowed to say those things.
- I like you so much. Don't you see
the way I feel about you? - No.
- Don't you see my muscles?
- No.
You can use me all you
want, just don't leave me.
Nope.
- Can't I just stay by your side?
- No.
You can treat me like your credit card.
Nope. I'll tell you what I said.
Do you treat your
boyfriend like this too?
That's what I said, "Do you treat
your boyfriend like this too?".
- You just said the answer. - No, that's
what I said because she was so mean.
- What did she say back to me?
- We're guessing her reply?
You're not my boyfriend.
"No, I don't treat my boyfriend like this".
- You got it.
- Yes, that's right.
- He's a well-informed professor.
- Well-informed!
- Well-informed.
I'm hurt when I think about
what happened but...
the instant I heard it, I realized
I shouldn't make a move anymore.
Because those are hurtful words.
She cut you off even
before you tried anything.
I think Jung-soo is fast to make
a move, but fast to give up.
That's because he wasn't
crazy in love with her.
- You'd still go after her if you loved
her. - I'm realistic about love.
I'm not the type to keep forcing a woman
to like me if she's not interested.
It's not right for me to keep liking
someone when they don't feel the same...
and someone else to like me.
It's all the same.
Someone liked you?
You don't think anyone could've liked me?
That's what we think.
I get better as time passes by and
I'm in a long-term relationship.
These are instances when two people are
trying to figure out how they feel.
Let's pretend that I met her for the
first time and I was interested.
Why does it have to be me?
- She doesn't want you pretending.
- You're the only female here!
- She doesn't even want to think about it.
- You're the only female!
- Don't pretend.
- That's how mad you get at women?
It's unpleasant for her to think about it.
She's offended by your suggestion!
- No wonder women think you make them
uncomfortable. - Why don't you get it?
Why would you be uncomfortable
when I'm saying it so nicely?
- But...
- Wait a second.
You're too much, too.
He was just using an example.
- She won't even let him use her as an
example. - She knows what she likes.
Let's say I was interested in her.
Somehow, we exchanged phone numbers.
But when I call, she doesn't answer.
When I call back a week later, I'll
talk to her and then get rejected.
That's when I should get it, but instead,
I call back a couple times more.
You're lacking a vital part of dating.
You do certain things to make
your counterpart fall for you.
- No, I don't. There's no push or pull to
me. - You don't know how to slowly move in.
You go forward without thinking.
You're a well-informed dating
professor, aren't you?
We have two professors?
Unfortunately, the two professors
are Jang-hoon and Sang-min.
You become well-informed when
you're tragically hurt by someone.
You learn a lot about love when
this and that happens in your life.
- Of course, you do.
- What do you guys know anyways?
There's a famous proverb
about knowing pain.
I have questions until 2015!
I think we can call it day with these.
That was too funny.
Talking about love is the funniest.
(My daughter is too precious)
Honey, are you coming home today?
I'm your husband, can't I
ask if you're coming home?
And also... Hello?
Hello? Sook!
How does she always hang up after
she's done saying what she wants?
Geez, seriously.
Mom's not coming home today, dad?
Yeah. It's been 28-years
since she last came home.
- But, dad?
- Yeah?
Do you still love mom when you
haven't seen her in 28-years?
Of course.
For 28-years, she's been automatically
depositing money into my account.
You can't find a better mom.
I wouldn't care if she
didn't come for 280-years.
That's what our love amounts to.
That's the kind of guy you should meet too.
- Okay, okay.
- Good.
I'm serious.
But, dad. I actually found a guy
I'd like to get married to.
A guy you want to marry? Really?
Yes, he's coming over to introduce himself.
- He's coming here?
- Yes, I wonder what's taking so long.
Really?
Hello, father.
- Who are you?
- Hello.
- I'm Yeon-soo's boyfriend.
- You're her boyfriend?
- Yes, nice to meet you.
- Yeon-soo!
- Hello.
- Who are these people, Yeon-soo?
- Who is he?
- Hello, father. - Why are you all
of you wearing shoes in my house?
You're wearing your shoes too, father.
I'm wearing my house slippers.
We're Americanized. Sit down, everyone.
- How's your health, father?
- Why did you invite so many people?
Sit down. You should sit first.
Hold on, Yeon-soo. I'm sorry
but can you guys leave?
- I'm her boyfriend. - I'm her
boyfriend. Don't keep calling her name.
Excuse me, we're not buying that.
Please, leave.
I'm not here to sell products.
How can you be disrespectful
if you're her boyfriend?
I didn't bring a present since
those gifts are useless.
I wanted to give you a small apartment
building, it's already in your name.
Aren't you going too far?
- There isn't any collateral
security on it? - No.
- It's free and clear.
- Only my name is on the title?
An apartment building for you to
enjoy during your retirement.
What's going on, Yeon-soo?
Who are all these people?
- Dad. - What?
- These are all my boyfriends.
- How could you?
- This can't be.
- You're amazing.
- What kind of woman, are you?
- You're a player.
- It doesn't end here. There's more.
- There's more?
- I'm shocked.
Yeon-soo!
- There's more?
- I'm shocked. - Yeon-soo!
Who is he? He keeps following me in here.
I'd rather leave my own house.
This is annoying.
Men keep following me in here, Yeon-soo!
This is cheating! He gets
to wear a wig every week!
Isn't he the idiot from
the other neighborhood?
- I'm Yeon-soo's boyfriend.
- Take a seat first.
- I'm sorry, stop playing. I know
you're her uncle. - Don't say that!
Why do you keep calling me her
uncle, when I'm her boyfriend!
You're her uncle!
Look at Yeon-soo! She's sitting next to me.
Yeon-soo! Yeon-soo! How can
you date someone like him?
- You shouldn't hold arms with just
anyone, Yeon-soo. - He's so strange.
I put Yeon-soo on my back and took her
up and down Namsan Mountain stairs.
You should sit next to your dad instead.
Think back to those days
and get on my back.
Remember how I gave you
that piggy-back ride?
You remember, don't you?
She doesn't remember?
Come sit over here.
I'm hungry!
I'm sure you're hungry.
Go get something to eat.
- Give him 2 meal tickets and
send him away. - Two won't do.
- You shouldn't press your luck, old man.
- Old man?
How many times will this be?
- How can you call me old man?
- Don't you have a conscience?
- I'm 10-years younger than you!
- How dare you sit next to my Yeon-soo?
I know you're married.
- Who?
- You.
It's better than getting divorced.
At least I look responsible.
Stop it. Being married and
divorced are all the same.
- It's better being divorced.
- How did you become her dad?
Sit down and come to your senses. Are
you all really my daughter's boyfriend?
- Of course.
- Yes.
Why are all of you here?
They're not all her boyfriends.
I'm her real boyfriend and...
- I wanted to introduce...
- He's been engaged 28-times.
- Really?
- He's only been officially divorced once.
This is getting out of hand.
I'd like to officially ask for
your daughter's hand in marriage.
Father, Shintoburi!
Exciting Saturday, Burning Sunday.
That's all in the past. I'm
thinking about my daughter now.
The more I think about it, you
have unique taste, Yeon-soo.
You sure date strange people.
How audacious for you to say that?
Who is strange? Who are
you saying is strange?
I think you top the list for being strange!
Didn't you wear a doll's mask
and show up at my house?
That's how you came!
How come you're still wearing a mask?
Take it off!
I told you to take it off!
Shintoburi, father.
Exciting Saturday, Burning Sunday.
Saturday night is exciting!
I might have a variety of boyfriends but...
I don't know which person I should marry.
- Can you choose your son-in-law?
- Okay, let's decide together.
I'd like to introduce myself first, father.
I'm more than confident that I
can make Yeon-soo happy, father.
I'll make sure she doesn't
have to move an inch...
and I'll take the responsibility
of doing everything for her.
He's just a burden, that's all.
He's not helping her.
I keep getting goosebumps
whenever I see you.
- Why, father?
- I know how hard it is for you these days.
You're in no situation to
love anyone right now.
- It's okay. - Try again and start
fresh when you're not in debt anymore.
- One person is out.
- My gosh. Geez.
You don't sound so well.
How can you groan so
much just getting up?
- You should be young and healthy.
- My name is Seo Jang-hoon.
Sit down. Previously
married people are out.
Sit down. Sit down.
- When was he married.
- I know he was.
In my opinion... Excuse me, Yeon-soo's
uncle. Could you keep it down?
- No! Why do you keep calling me her uncle?
- Oh, my goodness.
He wore orange to make himself look young.
How can a 56-year-old wear orange?
- You're scaring me!
- Which university is this? University of?
- Where is that school. - There's no
school name, just "University of".
- Where is this school?
- What school is this?
It's supposed to say "Off"
but he's missing an "F".
His interest in education is off.
Father, I can accept the fact that
Yeon-soo dated before getting married.
For marriage, I'd like her to choose
someone that's similar to you.
I think you understand me best.
To be honest, I've been
keeping an eye on you.
I wanted to kick you out first.
Why, father?
I tried imagining our family
walking around together.
We'd be disrespected if we stood together.
- Look at the three of us.
- My goodness!
Peekaboo!
- People might not like you
for saying this. - For what?
I can make these kinds of jokes since
I'm short as well. It doesn't matter.
Go ahead and sit down.
- And, you...
- Yes?
I can't help but think
I'm looking down on you.
- Father.
- I'm looking down.
Your head is down, but
your eyes are looking up.
Are you sure, I'm not looking down at you?
I really think I'm looking down.
Father! Will you please give
Yeon-soo's hand in marriage to me...
for the sake of our next generation
and the baby's intelligence?
Sit down. I read all the rumors
about you, you're no joke.
Father!
I'm Kang Ho-dong, the son of Korea!
Don't you feel secure just
by looking at me, father?
I'll make sure to protect Yeon-soo!
I think he's from the
University of Gorilla.
It's Planet of the Apes.
Give Yeon-soo to me, father!
Okay, let's say you've been starving
on a deserted island for three-days.
A piece of chicken appears. Are you
going to eat it or give it to Yeon-soo?
- He might eat Yeon-soo.
- Forget it.
That's scary!
He'll become a cannibal!
He'll become a cannibal, for sure.
I've been starving for 3-days?
- There's only one piece of chicken.
- You're out because you hesitated.
- Starving for 3-days?
- You're still out.
This is confusing.
It looks like everyone is disqualified.
Looks like I'm the only one left, father.
You'd be disqualified even if all
these people weren't here. Sit down.
You'd be disqualified anyways.
"Real Men", "Law of the
Jungle" and "With You".
Every time I do a show
with you, I get cursed at.
You're the one, who was wrong.
Yeon-soo, how come you can't
bring home anyone suitable?
- That's not true, dad. - You can see
how strange everyone is, can't you?
- Look.
- Dad!
- What?
- I take after you.
What do you mean?
That's not true.
I never had a group, I only
dated one person at a time.
You're making us uncomfortable, father.
You really don't understand
what I'm saying, do you?
They might not look normal now...
but if you take a closer
look, they're all nice guys.
How close do I need to look?
First, let's eat something.
- Okay.
- Eat together?
That's right, Yeon-soo
makes spaghetti well.
- How do you know?
- I ate it before.
I ate it too.
- hold on.
- Yeon-soo makes good pollack roe pasta.
You make a mean palla. Squid ink palla.
Are you referring to
Paella, a Spanish dish?
It's not palla, but Paella.
- Your skirt is pretty, Yeon-soo.
- Yes, it is.
Is that the skirt I bought you?
- It wasn't you.
- It was me.
- My dad bought it for me.
- I bought it with my money.
Really? Did the skirt I bought
you, have a bigger rip in it?
He's digging himself a grave.
- Are you okay? - If I was her
real father, you'd be dead by now.
Seriously. I would've killed you.
I'm growing my stamina these days.
Kids these days are so fast.
- You can't talk about bigger rips in
a skirt. - He's being fashionable.
Let's see if the pasta is
cooked before we eat the dish.
- How?
- We can try eating it together.
- With who?
- With you guys.
- You and me?
- You and me, you and me, you and me...
you and me, you and me, you and me.
(You and I will never...)
You can't lay things out
for them like that.
I'll use every line.
Say, "Dda".
"Dda"? Oh, okay. "Dda".
- "Dda", what? - You're supposed
to use that for a funny line!
- You can't even use what they give you.
- Geez, seriously!
- Everyone understood.
- How hard could that be?
I think missing that timing
was kicking your luck away.
What the heck? I really
didn't understand.
Why didn't anyone tell me?
I can't believe I missed that.
Look over here.
We're going to eat this together,
like the Peppero Game.
The person that leaves the shortest
length is the person that loves me most.
Wait a second!
- You're going to do this game
with everyone here? - Yeah.
Did you really think of this game for us?
- Yes, I thought of this.
- You wanted to do this?
- Yeah. - I'd like to be
first to try this with her.
Why? I'm upset. Why did you
think of this game, Yeon-soo?
- Why?
- You don't have to do it.
You don't want to share your food, do you?
You're getting a lot of
static on your head.
Guys! Can you be quiet?
Only courageous men get a
beautiful woman, like me.
- Okay.
- Good.
I guess you're courageous, getting
a beautiful person like me.
- See if they touch lips.
- Okay.
Get ready. It's the first person.
Hee-chul isn't good at these games either.
- You start eating the noodle.
- Start!
Go little-by-little. Slowly.
Slowly. Whoa! You can't
put your hand up here!
(Are they touching?)
Did they touch?
Hee-chul is a total player.
(Stop it)
Good. They're done. Spit it out.
- This is Hee-chul's.
- Is this why you came here?
I'll put Hee-chul's here. Next.
- How come my turn came so fast?
- It's Yeong-cheol and Yeon-soo.
I'm starting.
Yeon-soo could cut it off
if she doesn't like him.
She's aggressive.
- She's not cutting it off?
- I can't stand this.
I can't stand watching this.
Why did you do that? Father!
Isn't this cheating, father?
We're supposed to cut it.
Get going, move out of the way.
It could be over 6 inches long.
- Father!
- Excuse me, sir. When did you get there?
- You already reset everything too.
- He sure is fast.
Let's hurry it up. Why does everyone
want to play, when she's my girlfriend?
He's in such a hurry right now.
Do they look good together?
(Laughing)
- Bring it here.
- Done.
- That's all you could do?
- I got embarrassed.
- What the heck?
- When did you become so shy?
- Next is Kyung-hoon.
- Yeon-soo is so aggressive.
Let me clean this dried pollack first.
Don't you have to try your best for games?
- Why is everyone acting so shy?
- I know!
Think about your son, Si-woo.
(Sits back down)
- Why are you so nervous?
- Aren't we professionals?
- Start!
- Be a pro, not an amateur.
They're getting too close.
- She cut it!
- She cut it off first.
She cut it off because you
came at her too fast.
- Can I try again?
- There's no seconds.
Professionals don't ask for second chances.
I'm going to try my best!
If you want to curse at me, go ahead.
I'm not scared.
He was married five-times.
He's already 56-years-old.
How could you be so bold to mention that?
(Well, that's true)
(Laughing)
What's wrong with you?
You're a well-informed
marriage professor too.
I'm going to try my best. I think a
professional should always try their best.
Okay.
Can you go slowly? Don't come in suddenly.
My daughter is a bit aggressive.
- He's embarrassed about what he said.
- Start when he says, "Start".
- He said, "Start".
- That's it!
(Falls down)
- That's the end.
- You're finished.
- You're disqualified. - Someone
else's noodle is longer than mine.
Almost eight inches.
- Look at this.
- It's really long.
- Use a longer one, Soo-geun.
- I'll start short.
Here.
- You're too much.
- You're cheating.
If that's how you want it,
use a short and thick one.
(A heaping scoop)
Use that.
Is it too much? Is it too hard for you?
I'm sorry, but I might get indigestion.
Put it here, put it back here.
That's too much.
Tell us the winner, father!
- Did you win, Hee-chul?
- Yes, Kim Hee-chul won.
There is a penalty for the
person, who came in last.
I'll hit someone with this
dried pollack as plenty.
Who came in last?
- Kang Ho-dong.
- Ho-dong?
- Ho-dong's is the longest.
- That's right.
Come to the front, orange pig.
Orange pig?
(Somehow orange pig
sounds a bit refreshing)
- Use two, dad.
- It actually sounds delicious.
- Orange pig.
- I'm the orange pig? - Come out.
Fermented orange pork belly.
(Ho-dong prepares for his penalty)
I have to hit your feet. Lay down.
It'll be hard for me to get
back up if I lay down.
You don't have to get back up.
Keep laying down.
Lay down and go to sleep.
He can't lay down.
Hold on, you need to hold the leg up.
I can hit him well.
You want to get hit from me.
What did you do?
- What happened, Soo-geun?
- Lay down, everyone!
(The enemy is coming)
Did it hurt? No, it didn't hurt.
I'm sorry, only you got hurt, Soo-geun.
Anyways, Hee-chul can't get married to
Yeon-soo with this one competition.
I have another test. You're too
precious for just one game.
First, I raised my daughter preciously
because I didn't want her to get hurt.
That's why, I want to pick someone
who is physically strong.
- Men need to be physically strong.
- That's right.
I raised my daughter for
28-years with this body.
I don't know how hard it was raising her.
I can only give you my daughter,
if you come close to my body.
I'll make you my son-in-law if
you can win me at leg wrestling.
- With you, father?
- Yeah.
I shouldn't say this, but you have knees.
Of course, I have knees.
We didn't think you had knees.
You though I only had thighs?
You thought I only had thighs
and it connected to my feet?
We though your feet were connected to
your thighs and then, to your hips.
No one can look like that.
You're going to keep getting
disqualified, you XXXX!
(I can't have a jerk like
him for a son-in-law)
You're getting me annoyed.
(He forgets Yeon-soo and
chooses laughter instead)
Look at his socks. Aren't those socks
supposed to only come up to here?
- Aren't those the same socks?
- You must have ankle socks on.
- How come his socks come up to his knees?
- Don't they usually stop here?
How come you get more annoyed
with Soo-geun than anyone else?
Don't socks come up to here, father?
I didn??t raise her to see someone like him.
I can't she brought him
into the house. No way.
The game is easy. Two people lay
down and latch their legs together.
Whoever makes the other
person fall is the winner.
Hee-chul, can you show us
an example with father?
- Hee-chul is disqualified since
his leg hurts. - His leg hurts.
- Is it because his leg is too white?
- No, he has a metal plate in his leg.
Really? Bring me magnets, let's
see if it attaches to him.
(Begins the test immediately)
- Hold still.
- Wait!
You scared me.
- He's allowed to skip this game.
- You're not kidding around, father!
- Father! Shintoburi! - Exciting
Saturday... stop making me do it!
- Let's have preliminaries.
- The winner goes against father.
- I'll play against the winners.
- Sounds good.
- The way I see it...
- The weaklings can go first.
It's best for Kyung-hoon and
Yeong-cheol to go first.
- Okay.
- Yeong-cheol isn't that weak.
I'm considered weak in this crowd.
- Like this?
- Yeah, you have go down that far.
(The two-potential son-in-law
cautiously take their positions)
- Start!
- This is for real. Start.
- Like this?
- Yeah, that's right.
I know what to do now. I get it.
That's right, that's good.
(Rolls over)
Hey! What are you guys doing?
Kim Yeong-cheol wins!
- Did I win?
- All you have to do is flip them over?
- That was it! That's funny.
- That was a big match-up.
- That was it.
- Thank you.
He's good.
- Up next is...
- Come here.
- Good. - Never mind, you come here.
Let's go, Sang-min.
Try and win. His leg strength is gone.
- His legs are shot.
- Ho-dong isn't the same anymore.
We used to train by going down
on one leg and standing back up.
What was that?
- You used to do that.
- You used to be able to get up.
I might get hypnotized by your socks.
- He might have a snake in there.
- Lift your leg up.
You're disqualified if your
leg can't go up that high.
Can you lock legs? We're not starting yet.
- Your legs can lock together?
- Yeah, it's possible.
Are you ready?
(Glaring)
Get ready! Start!
(Rolls away)
(The game ends in less than a second)
Are you okay? You're fine
since you made people laugh.
Are you okay? Does your neck hurt?
I'm going to compliment you, for once.
- Good reaction.
- This is no joke.
- Please, give me your permission.
- Who are you?
Sang-min tried getting greedy.
You can't help but flip over.
I'm proud all these men are
interested in my daughter.
- You can start the match, father.
- Okay, let's start them off.
- Is this right?
- I don't think I can lock legs with him.
- Let's try first.
- Put your leg up for me.
Wow, they can lock legs.
(The splits)
- I can at least lock legs.
- Get ready!
He's too strong. Wait a second.
(It hurts for me too)
I'm sorry, but can I use both legs?
The length is too drastic.
It's more disadvantageous for me!
- You're hammering me down from above!
- I can't lock legs with you.
- Get ready!
- How is this possible?
Start!
He's flexible!
Who won?
Did Soo-geun win?
- He got flipped over.
- He lost.
- He got flipped. - This isn't fair. I
can't compete. His leg weighs too much.
My leg was stretched out.
Why was he screaming his head off?
I'll just lay here. Tell the
next person to come here.
The next person is Yeong-cheol.
- Yeong-cheol is next.
- One of us can go against Ho-dong.
- Excuse me. - I'll go against he
winner of this match or Ho-dong.
I'm sorry, but may I ask for a favor?
- Please, don't fight.
- No, we won't fight.
- Did someone say we're fighting.
- Don't get into a verbal fight.
He might be better since his
leg is longer than yours.
Get ready!
Jang-hoon's leg gets stronger at the end.
Ready...
(Start)
- I can lock legs. This is okay.
- It feels like you could win, doesn't it?
That's when it feels like
you could win, doesn't it?
(Starts slapping)
Jang-hoon! Please, save me.
Jang-hoon! This hurts too much.
My neck hurts! Stop!
Why does it hurt so much
playing against Jang-hoon?
- You can't win.
- I can't come close to Jang-hoon.
The heavier person has an advantage.
It's because Jang-hoon has long legs.
- This is the semi-finals.
- This will be a tough match.
I'll just go first.
Ho-dong can go against father first.
Go up against the orange pig.
Where did the pig go? Where did he go?
- A match made in heaven!
- Jang-hoon is going to win.
Hold on a second, father.
I'll move this over, so you don't
hit it when you roll over here.
I'm going to send you toward
the refrigerator, father.
Over that way.
Excuse me, Ho-dong. Ho-dong!
- Ho-dong! - Are you going to see
a funeral before getting married?
I'm going to throw you with a slice.
Be careful.
I'm going to throw you
over toward the fridge.
- Jung-soo is strong.
- Lay down, father.
- Can my leg go up this high?
- You have to move lower.
Wow, this is amazing.
He'll have an advantage since he's shorter.
- Should I go lower?
- No, you're fine.
Get yourselves ready.
- Get ready!
- I'm more flexible than you think.
Wow, look at his calf.
Start!
(Starts)
(Heave-ho)
(Screaming)
(He slams him down as
soon as the match starts)
(Knock down)
Father!
Father! You've gotten younger, father.
You've gotten younger.
Father!
You've gotten younger, father.
I feel like I've turned around,
but I don't know what happened.
You can yell, "I give up".
Please yell, "I give up" if you think
you're going to lose, Jang-hoon.
I'll see first. You need to
come down lower, ho-dong.
Isn't this the first-time you
guys have battled like this?
(It's the strongest man winner versus
the man with the heaviest legs)
My glasses are ruined.
The six-footer might fly over that way.
Move those shoes away. I might fly.
This will be the perfect space
if he flips over this way.
He won't bump into the wall.
Soo-geun, I'm going to lock
his leg and flip him over.
It'd be really funny if you flipped
him over and made him stand.
Watch carefully, father.
- Your hair is parted differently, father.
- What?
- Do what you want, I'm tired.
- Get ready!
Get ready!
(Start)
(A close game)
(Screaming)
He's lifting him up!
(He lifts up the giant)
(He turns l180-degrees like a windmill)
He lifted him up.
It's no wonder he won the
strongest man competition.
(The strongest leg wrestler, Ho-dong)
(Jumps up and down)
(I kicked the giant with my foot)
- It felt different than anyone else.
- Ho-dong is so strong.
His strength is different
than other people.
How is this an important
factor for marriage, father?
Now that I think about it, it doesn't
have anything to do with marriage.
- You're right.
- He just looked strong and ignorant.
I want to thank all seven
of you for your hard work.
All seven of you guys line up.
Yeon-soo will hug the
person she likes the most.
- Back hug?
- Yes, back hug.
- She can't hug you from the front.
- Close your eyes.
No peeping.
You choose, Yeon-soo. I'll stay here.
- Choose the person, who made your heart
beat faster. - Yes, the games don't matter.
- I'm going.
- Okay.
You're not going to use
"Match Made in Heaven's"...
show idea and have
father hug us, are you?
(Whispering)
(They do exactly what
Hee-chul was worried about)
I told you not to open your eyes.
My goodness. You sure are old, aren't you?
Don't blame your mishaps on me now.
- Why did you make me do such weird things?
- Sorry.
You shouldn't do everything she says.
No, she came over and...
(Pointing)
(Her dad couldn't resist his
daughter's cutesy acts)
- It's real now.
- We're serious.
We're all on the same playing field.
Wait a second! Choose a person you didn't
like the most during today's games.
- And push him?
- Yes, push him.
Good, push him.
The person you liked the least.
(Being the least favorite is more nerving
than being chosen as her husband)
(Noise)
- Geez, that scared me.
- What was that?
The lights scared me.
It'd be funny if the light hits us.
Wait a second!
What time is it? I think she pushed you.
I saw you moving.
- Didn't she push you?
- No, I don't think so.
(Everyone is confused)
You didn't play an active role today.
He wasn't active.
- Choose the person you like most.
- Make a reasonable choice.
- Try and be reasonable.
- Does she already have a winner in mind?
- It's more fun disqualifying people.
- Keep pushing people you don't like.
(She's starting to push everyone)
(Who will be the next person she pushes?)
(Jang-hoon is disqualified)
- Go out slowly.
- I'm sorry but...
Stop your whining and move on over.
- Move over.
- Keep moving!
- I wasn't...
- You don't get to talk.
I wasn't interested in
you from the beginning.
Who do you think you are?
who the hell are you? Hey!
You're not my style either!
You're kidding me. Hey! Forget you!
Geez!
He sure is a poor loser, isn't he?
We used to pretend there was a cliff here.
- Push another person.
- Let's see your falling performance.
There's a cliff here.
- It's Niagara Falls.
- You guys lucked out being chosen first.
I'm jealous. He's making us act now.
Let's see how they fall at Niagara Falls.
Why are you pushing me already?
I feel like it took him too long to fall.
You still fared better than most.
(Without delay, they begin
choosing the next person)
(Sang-min is chosen)
- You have to fall.
- Do your performance.
What's that?
Damn it.
(Trips over)
He fell over the rug.
He has no leg strength.
What are you reaching in the empty air?
Close your eyes, guys.
(There are only three left)
(Who will be disqualified?)
(Pushes)
Help me, Geunduun!
Whoa? Where's my cloud?
Wow, that's an amazing performance.
(Father is pleased)
- You knew you were going to get pushed.
- Yes, I knew.
Wow, look at how happy he is. You
can tell what he's thinking.
- He's so happy.
- This is more pathetic.
He's so happy.
Hee-chul might get nervous.
- I'm nervous, I am. - I'll give up
now. I'm satisfied with how far I got.
You can't do that.
- You can't do that.
- You want me to keep going?
You're not confident?
Do I push him or hug him?
- You need to hug him now.
- I need to hug him?
- Okay, guys.
- Close your eyes!
- Okay.
- I'm going!
- Okay, guys.
- Close your eyes!
- Okay.
- I'm going!
- Stop peeping, Hee-chul.
- That's right.
Alright, barbarian. No, I mean orange pig!
Stop crossing your arm!
(It's hard to take back
such strong name-calling)
I'm sorry, I made a mistake.
Don't cross your arms.
Okay, I'm going.
(It's really time for the last choice)
Keep your eyes closed.
(Who will Yeon-soo choose?)
(Begins to move)
(They both hug at the same time)
(Laughing)
You're going to die now.
Wait a second! I'm sorry!
I'm sorry, I'm sorry!
You know I'm not that kind of person.
I don't like doing this.
You know I don't do this.
Jung-soo told me to!
Jung-soo told me to do it!
He's sincerely scared.
(Please, help him)
No, wait! I don't like this.
You know I don't like this!
(The real barbarian has here)
Look! It's the barbarian! The barbarian!
I'm really sorry, I am.
(Previews of our new transfer
student will air shortly)
(Beautiful melodies from the gayageum
pull at the men's heartstrings)
(Infatuated)
- Come on over here!
- Let's play piggy-back rides.
Hello.
I'm even pretty when I breathe,
my name is Lee Ha-nui.
(This is what "Honey" is like)
She came out because I called her.
He said, "I'm here, who cares
about anything else?".
- I'm so embarrassed.
- It must be a true story!
She graduated from Seoul University.
- She looks younger without make up on.
- Okay, we got it.
Isn't he being strange today?
He's putting so much effort in today.
- Are you happy that I'm here?
- I am.
I'm happy as well.
(We can't avoid the watch bet)
Forget that.
(This time, they bet shoes)
- Okay.
- Let's go.
- Just a bit.
- Go slowly, slowly.
- Ha-nui can't do this.
- This is too low.
(Stretching out)
- She's going.
- I told you, she could do it!
(The games aren't over yet)
(Who will be the winner of the last
match, filled with made up dances?)
(I'm tired, I'm going to rest)
Try and close me up. It's
nice and cozy in here.
Let's move onto the activity!
("Ask Us Anything", every Saturday
nights at 8:50. Don't miss it)
Cham, cham, cham!
What are you doing? Why are
you looking at my chest?
How dare you!
That's where my eyes land
when you're my height.